

Baby, I've just been sitting here thinking, how blessed I am to have someone 
like you in my life and I'm so excited so so excited about being with you for 
the rest of my life Listen

Looking at all theses hand, damn I use to be alonely man, could never 
understand, why I had no one to take my hand but then the weather changed 
mother-nature brought the sun my way, now girl your who I am and I have you for 
the rest of my days.....

How the sun comes up in the early morning time, girl I vowel to be forever 
loving you rain or shine, How the moon takes us on this romantic globe I'll be 
lovin you forever more... oooh oh yeah

Now I used to think that I would never, have a serious relationship, always 
praying for that one to come along and give me what I miss, but now those 
thoughts are no more, every since you came into my life, it's like heaven 
opened up its doors, showered down on me the perfect wife....oooh ohhh

How the sun comes up in the early morning time girl, I vowel to be forever 
loving you rain or shine, How the moon takes us on this romantic globe I'll be 
lovin you forever more... oooh oh yeah oh yeah

Baby, now our house, our house, is a home, the car, we own, what's mine is 
yours, the keys to the doors, my family, my family, my friend, my friends, the 
church, we belong together, Heaven drum say, our house is a home the car, we 
own, what's mine is yours the keys to the doors, my family, my family, my 
friend, my friends the church we belong together and it's on...

How the sun comes up in the early morning time girl I vowel to be forever 
loving you rain or shine, How the moon takes us on this romantic globe I'll be 
lovin you forever more... 

How the sun comes up in the early morning time girl I vowel to be forever 
loving you rain or shine, How the moon takes us on this romantic globe I'll be 
lovin you forever more... 

How the sun comes up in the early morning time girl I vowel to be forever 
loving you rain or shine, How the moon takes us on this romantic globe I'll be 
lovin you forever more... 

How the sun comes up in the early morning time girl I vowel to be forever 
loving you rain or shine, How the moon takes us on this romantic globe I'll be 
lovin you forever more...

How the sun comes up in the early morning time girl I vowel to be forever 
loving you rain or shine, How the moon takes us on this romantic globe I'll be 
lovin you forever more...
