

There are so many answers to the question what ya'll do for us and so many 
reasons for the word why we love on ya'll for instant how ya' take us and lift 
us up and give us chance after chance and we still find a way to to F-things up 
and sometimes ya'll go and blame yourselves for thing's we do cause you love us 
so much our lies become the truth ya'll try so 
so hard to make things work finding a way to smile just to keep from showing 
your hurt within...

Your mind vs (its) Your hearts vs (its) Your soul vs (your) your body vs our 
bullshit (and) our ego's (and) our pride (that's why) that's why I love the word 
WOMAN oh I love I love yall are our so tough ya'll put up with so much that's 
why I love the word woman uh huh oh I love I love ya'll so full of trust and 
besides ya'll know us that's why I love the word woman time and time again 
ya'll let's us back in man I love yall so much that's why I got to spell it out 
W O M A N that's what's its all about...Yeah

Sometimes I think that we're the reason why ya'll be stressing out and smoking 
cigerettes ummmm yes I do and sometimes I think that we're the reason ya'll be 
snapping off on your kids and having fits somebody feel me, Ladies when it's 
that time of the month and ya'll really don't feel like being bothered and 
sometimes we take ya'll hearts for granted I know ya'll got to ask yourselves 
sometimes why do I even put up with his shit
...
Your mind vs (its your) Your hearts vs (its your) Your soul vs (it's your) your 
body (vs our bullshit)our bullshit our ego's (and our)our pride that's why I 
love the word woman said I love the word yeah ya'll are so so tough and ya'll 
put up with so so much..That's why I love the word woman..ummmm and ya'll so 
full of trust and beside ya'll know us that's why I love the word woman time 
and time and time again ya'll let us back in and I love you so much I got to 
spell it out W O M A N fellows just swollow your pride for a minute and grab 
your lady by the hand and say:
Baby I'm sorry for the drama that I cause you, yall are the backbone of every 
family this much is true sing it, I reconize being a woman and what yall go 
through and I appreicate every single one of you yes I do baby I promise from 
this day i will show respect I promise to love ya'll yeah with all my might 
yeah I'll even burn a candle light because we are here cause ya'll paid a price 
that's why I love the word woman and that's why I love the word woman oh oh 
yall put up with so much yeah
that's why I love the word woman and your so so full of trust yall the one
that's why I love the word woman your soul surviors yeah all the love battles 
oh oh 
that's why I love the word woman sister yall cook our meals ya'll wash our 
clothes hey yall our the love seeds planted in our souls hey hey when I think 
about the woman I just get joyful inside where I just want to break down and 
cry that's why I love the word woman listen ladies like a sister lover cousin 
mother auntie friend my joy within the reason seasons your so pleasing your the 
lock and we're the key created by the all mighty forever as the birds and bees 
all whatever you want until we stop breathing..that's why I love the word woman
